Update use-group-managed-service-accounts.md (#92448)
Azure/azure-content: articles/aks/use-group-managed-service-accounts.md

* Permissions to configure GMSA on Active Directory Domain Service or on-prem Active Directory.
* The domain controller must have Active Directory Web Services enabled and must be reachable on port 9389 by the AKS cluster.

> [!NOTE]

> > Microsoft also provides a purpose built PowerShell module to configure gMSA on AKS. You can find more information on the module and how to use [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/manage-containers/gmsa-aks-ps-module).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft also provides a purpose-built PowerShell module to configure gMSA on AKS. You can find more information on the module and how to use it in the article [gMSA on Azure Kubernetes Service](/virtualization/windowscontainers/manage-containers/gmsa-aks-ps-module).
```

### No authentication is prompted when loading the page

If the page loads, but you are not prompted to authenticate, use `kubectl logs POD_NAME` to display the logs of your pod and verify you see *IIS with authentication is ready*.

> [!NOTE]

> > Windows containers won't show logs on kubectl by default. To enable Windows containers to show logs, you need to embed the Log Monitor tool on your Windows image. More information available [here](https://github.com/microsoft/windows-container-tools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Windows containers won't show logs on kubectl by default. To enable Windows containers to show logs, you need to embed the Log Monitor tool on your Windows image. More information is available [here](https://github.com/microsoft/windows-container-tools).
```
